Hello everyone and welcome to this video.

In this video, I wanted to share with you how you can adjust the trigger for this conversation and

also adjust the message that you received when you start testing the agent.

So at start, what message I should get in the in the beginning and how you are able to adjust it as

well and customize it for your needs.

So if you notice here, when we tested the agent before, well, we found there is an automatic message

that appeared.

Right.

It's going to tell you hello I'm 11 Madison Park AI chatbot a virtual assistant.

So as you are aware I sometimes use AI to answer your questions and so on.

So you're probably wondering, okay, where is that information coming from?

Well, if you go back here.

So this is the overview right on the right hand side.

Here you should be able to see topics and the idea that you can group part of the conversations, such

as goodbyes, for example, into a bucket.

You can also add maybe the greetings into another bucket.

Maybe thank you into another one.

And also, if there is any escalation, if you would like to escalate from AI to maybe talk to a human

agent, well, you are able to add that as well.

And here if you go to topics, you have the ability to add a new topic if you want.

And also you can use existing topics that are available.

So let's explore a few of those.

So what you see here is I got well goodbye.

So if you actually go ahead and click on it now you should see basically what is happening here behind

the scenes.

And please note that all of these are automatically defined by Copilot studio.

So the trigger for this is this tool can handle queries like bye bye for now.

Bye now.

Goodbye.

No thank you, goodbye and so on.

So if the user types any of these messages now this is going to be the topic that will be directed here.

And this is going to be the trigger right afterwards.

Well, if the user asked any of these questions well I'm going to ask the user a question.

I'm going to say would you like to end our conversation.

And the answer here is going to be boolean meaning it's going to be yes or no.

True or false.

And basically based on the answer that I'm going to receive from the user, I'm going to go through

many of these branches.

So for example, if the user said yes okay, that means here I would like to end the conversation.

I'm actually going to direct them to the end of conversation topic.

And there I actually want to maybe get the reviews from them.

Maybe how many stars, for example, did I evaluate the service?

If the answer is false, that means they do not want to close or end the conversation.

Well, I'm going to ask.

Tell them.

Okay.

Go ahead.

I'm still listening.

I'm still there.

So they need to type more information.

If any other condition are just going to keep going and continue the conversation as well.

Okay.

And that's the idea.

You can just simply create here multiple branches.

Think of it as like writing a flowchart like or an if else statement in just code.

Okay.

And you can do that here without writing a single line of code.

Pretty much.

Okay.

So this is simply the goodbye.

And actually we're going to go ahead and test what some of these together.

Uh, let's actually test maybe the goodbye and then we'll start the conversation.

So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to say, well, goodbye and let's see what the agent here

is going to do and what you see.

If you click on goodbye now, it's going to tell you, well, this topic here has been triggered.

This is the goodbye topic.

And these are the phrases right.

So bye bye for now.

Bye now and so on.

And now you should see that.

Would you like to end our conversation?

So if you remember, if you go back to our topic here, that was actually if I go back to topics, if

you remember under goodbye.

Now basically this has been triggered, right.

And here I got the question right.

I should ask whether it's true and false right.

So here is going to tell you would you like to end the conversation.

And now it's simply waiting for my answer and what you see as well, which is I really like about Microsoft

Copilot studio that's going to tell you where.

Well, we are waiting here we are somewhere here.

It's highlighted here in dark blue.

And I didn't select any of the branches yet.

Okay.

So for example, let's maybe test this branch.

So it's asking me would you like to end the conversation.

So what I'm going to say I'm going to say no.

So that means I should get a message that is going to tell me.

Go ahead.

I'm listening.

Right.

So let's go ahead and run it.

So now if I say no, it's going to tell me, well go ahead, I'm listening.

And if you go back to topics and if you open the goodbye now, you should see that this was the path

that has been selected here.

Okay.

And it's telling you that this has been executed again.

It's really pretty straightforward and it's really intuitive as well.

Maybe let's go ahead and test it again.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say goodbye and let's go ahead and test it again.

So I'm going to say goodbye.

Let's test the other branch.

I mean, so if I say goodbye now you should see goodbye topic has been triggered and it's going to tell

me.

Well, would you like to end the conversation?

Actually, if you go back now, you should.

If you go to goodbye now, we should see that we are standing here somewhere and we are waiting for

the user to either insert yes or true or false.

Maybe.

Let's go ahead and test this one out now.

So now I can say well, yes.

Or of course you can select one of these options.

If you press yes.

Now you should be directed to another topic.

And now you should see Did that answer your question?

Actually, if you go back to topics, if you go to goodbye now, you should see that you have been directed

here, right?

And this one is actually calling another topic.

And this topic is for collecting reviews from users and to also end the conversation.

And that's why it's called end of conversation.

If you go ahead and click on it.

Now you should see that.

Did that answer your question.

And that's where we at right now.

That's basically here.

And now I can ask it.

Well true or yes, that answered my question.

And now it should be directed to well how many stars do you rate the experience.

So now I can pick maybe 4 or 5 stars.

And if you go back to topics, if you go back to goodbye and if you go here, that was the topic.

End of conversation.

If you click on View Topics.

And now you should see that we are somewhere here.

Okay.

Once I get that feedback now I can say thank you for feedback.

It's going to gonna ask me again another question.

And please note that of course it looks pretty complicated, but it's just basically true or false.

Booleans, just zeros and ones and so on.

I'm going to read it, let's say to four stars.

And now it's going to tell me, well thank you for your feedback.

Can I help you with anything else I'm going to say no.

And now you should be able to tell me.

Well, okay.

Goodbye.

And that should have ended our conversation.

And that's the idea pretty much of topics.

You can of course go ahead and add your own topic.

You can use all these existing topics.

There are so many of these.

If you go back to system now, you should see some one here related to escalate.

If you would like to escalate to a human um agent there's also conversation start and so on with that.

That's all I have for this video.

I hope you enjoyed it.

In the next video, let's go ahead and learn how to adjust.

Some of these conversation starts and some of these topics, and also learn how to create our own topic

as well.

Please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I will see you in the next video.