Hello everyone, and welcome to this video.

In this video, I'm going to share how we can adjust the conversation start and this kind of tie to

our previous video when we discussed topics.

And um, if you remember, these were the topics that we shared.

Some of them are goodbye, greetings and so on.

So if you go back to system okay, now you should see there is a conversation start and you should see

the trigger here is on conversation start.

So if you remember, if you actually come here and if you would like to create a new testing session.

So if I say start new test session now, we should see that the chat bot just automatically came up

with a message.

Right.

And this message was hello, I'm 11 Madison Park and I'm just wondering where did that come from?

Well, if you go ahead and click on it now, it's going to direct you to topics.

It's under conversation start.

And now you should see what that message look like.

So if you actually go ahead and click on it now we should see well this is the message that have been

displayed here.

So if I go ahead and adjust that conversation start topic that is going to be reflected here.

When I interact with the chat bot, when I actually start testing it.

All right.

So to edit this specific message now I'm going to go back and I'm going to here I have topics.

And if I go to system and if I go to conversation start that's going to open this for us here.

And basically I can just go ahead and adjust this text simply.

So if you remove this text now you should see hello, I am this bot name.

And maybe I'm going to say how can I help you today okay.

And let's go ahead and test it out this time so I can click save.

And if I say please I want to start a new session.

And here we go.

Hello I'm 11 Madison Park AI chatbot.

How can I help you today.

So with that, that's simply all I wanted to cover here.

When we would like to adjust some of these, conversation starts, end of conversation and so on, they

are already pre-built for you.

You can just simply go ahead and take any of these conversations.

You can also enable and disable some of these topics as well.

You can also adjust the trigger associated with them too.

With that, that's all I have for this video.

I hope you enjoyed it and see you in the next one.