Hello everyone, and welcome to this video.

In this video, I'm going to show you how you can create a custom topic.

And here, just for simplicity's sake, we're going to choose a topic related to let's say, birthday

cakes at 11 Madison Park Restaurant.

So the idea that if the customer is asking any question related to cakes or birthday cakes or custom

cakes, I need to create a topic that here is going to direct the conversation for us.

And the idea that at 11 Madison Park, I'm going to assume that clients or customers, they can bring

their own cake.

So that's not a problem.

But 11 Madison Park will not be able to create or develop customized cake for customers.

So this is the idea from a very high level.

So let me show you how we're going to build and test that topic together.

So please note that here I'm at 11 Madison Park.

Uh, chatbot.

And if you go to topics you will be directed here to this page.

If you remember, all these topics here are automatically created for you.

For example, here in the previous video I was able to edit the conversation start if you remember.

And now I should show here that you know me basically is editing it or edited it.

24 minutes ago.

And let's assume that we want to create a new topic.

It's really easy.

You can just say add the topic.

You have the option to use Microsoft Copilot to create a topic for you.

Or you can just say from blank.

And here we go.

So you should give the topic here a name.

So for example, I'm going to call it let's say birthday cakes.

So that is going to be the topic.

And here I need to specify what is the trigger.

And I'm going to assume that the agent chooses.

So for example here the agent if it sees anything related to cakes birthday cakes, it's going to be

directed here.

And that is going to be the trigger to this specific topic.

Here you will need to describe what that topic does.

So I have already written a description.

So let me copy the description and paste it here and walk you through it.

So basically the description is pretty straightforward.

Here I try to make it as detailed as possible.

Really.

You don't need to go think of this as more of an overkill.

But here I'm going to say this tool detects whether a user is asking about special or customized cakes

at 11 Madison Park for birthdays, anniversaries or proposals.

So here I'm going to say some celebration related intent.

To think of it, I'm giving example to the AI agent that if the user asked about it's my birthday,

or maybe we are celebrating an anniversary or something along those lines, and then they asked for

maybe customized cake or personalized dessert.

So, for example, can 11 Madison Park make a birthday cake?

Do you offer custom desserts?

So anything related to customization I'm just going to say no.

So we are not in the cake business right?

So we're not going to be customizing any cake.

But for example, if the user would like to bring their own here a cake.

So here I'm giving them examples.

Can I bring my own cake and so on.

So here of course I'm going to specify what actually to do coming up next and what options does the

user have.

But this is the idea.

So if any key word around cake.

Birthdays, anniversary, celebration, customization, special occasion this topic is going to be triggered.

Okay, so now we know what triggers this topic.

What's what's actually I'm going to do when this is triggered.

Well now you can click on plus.

And that means now you are adding a node.

And if you click plus you have multiple options.

You can for example send a message.

So that means a message will be displayed here in the chat.

Maybe you can ask a question for example here you can add a condition.

You can even add an agent.

So an AI agent is going to be triggered when basically this topic here is triggered.

So what I'm going to do as well I'm going to ask a question.

So I'm going to ask a question here.

So when this topic is triggered I'm going to ask a question.

And there is going to be our question I'm going to ask the user this question.

Thanks for checking.

What would you like to know about cakes for special occasions?

And instead of allowing the user to basically type whatever they want.

And please note that this is just a very simple use case here.

Just for simplicity, I'm going to give the customer only two options to choose from.

And here these are the options.

Think of it.

I'm just guiding the conversation to only these two topics.

And I don't want the user to go and just kind of suggest basically so they can of course go ahead and

write something.

But here I'm just going to give them maybe the two most likely options just for simplicity's sake.

So the answers are going to be or the options are going to be the follows.

The first option I'm going to say new option.

And that is going to be our option here.

So the option for the user is going to be can 11 Madison Edison Park make custom custom cakes.

Okay.

And that is going to be our first option.

Think of it as that's the the first question that the user can ask.

They just can click from and just select one of these one of these questions.

And then I'm going to say another option.

And that will be can I bring my own cake.

And these are going to be the two questions that I'm going to guide the conversations or two options.

Okay.

So basically the idea is if the user here is going to select one of these options.

And then afterwards what I'm going to do is I'm going to here, come here and I'm going to say if the

user for example selected if the choice is equal to.

So this is a choice that the user selected is equal to.

Can 11 Madison Park make um customized cake.

I'm going to display a message.

And the message is going to say, well, no, we can't basically offer customized cake.

Again, we're not in the cake business, so let's do that.

I'm going to say plus here and I'm going to say send a message.

And that if I go to that branch okay, the answer is going to be pretty straightforward.

I'm going to say the following.

I'm going to say 11.

Madison Park does not prepare custom cakes or personal desserts.

You are welcome to note any celebration during your reservation, and the team will acknowledge them

in an elegant way.

And that's pretty much it.

Well, what if the user asked, for example, can I bring my own cake?

Well, I'm going to allow them to bring their own cake.

And here there's going to be the answer I'm going to say.

Plus here I'm going to say send a message.

And here I'm going to say, well, 11 Madison Park allows guests to bring their own cake if anything

else, if all other conditions, I'm going to be directed here to continue the conversation.

Okay.

And that's pretty much it.

So I'm just going to click save.

And that is going to basically save our here um topic for us.

And then finally you can just come here and you can say I would like to end for example, the current

topic.

So now you can say topic management.

And for example you can say end current topic as an example.

And that will be here added to the flowchart.

Let's go ahead and test it out.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to click save.

And let's test our newly added topic together.

All right.

So let's go ahead and test our topic.

So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to ask the chatbot just a general question about birthday

cakes.

I'm going to say what does 11 Madison Park offer when it comes to birthday cakes okay.

And if you go ahead and click run, what you see right now is the agent hopefully is going to be directed

to that topic, which is birthday cakes.

And this is exactly what happened right now.

So this is what the tool has detected.

And now it went through our flowchart, if you remember, and I guided the conversation to only include

two types of questions.

Right.

One of them was can 11 Madison Park make custom cakes or can I bring my own cake?

If you remember, the answer to any customization is no.

And the answer to bring my own cake is yes.

So I'm going to test both.

So let's select this option.

And now we should see it's going to tell you 11 Madison Park does not prepare custom cakes or personalized

desserts.

And this is great.

It actually it worked.

And you will notice that it actually ended the topic right.

Of course you can allow it to continue and continue the conversation and so on.

But this is just a very simple example to show you how you can create your own customized topic and

also create that if else statement with multiple branches or conditions.

So now let's test it again.

So I'm going to say new test again.

And let's test the other branch I'm going to say what does 11 Madison Park offers when it comes to birthday

cakes.

And now if I say can I bring my own cake.

Hopefully it's going to say yes.

Can I say, well, 11 Madison Park guests allow you to bring your own cake?

This is great.

And of course you can go if you go to topics and if you go to birthday cakes now, you should see where

the where it went through.

So it went here.

It went here starts to ask the question and then it selected this option.

And this is the highlighted here in dark blue.

And we ended the conversation and we stopped here basically.

And with that that's all I have for this module.

I hope you enjoyed it.

Please note that we're going to have a practice opportunity coming up next.

And I'm also going to explain briefly what Rag or retrieval augmented generation means.

So please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I'll see you in the next video.