Hello everyone and welcome to this practice opportunity.

In this practice opportunity, I want you to build your own AI agent.

And that is going to be a rag based agent, as I showed you before.

But now we're going to go through a completely different use case.

So instead of building a rag based agent to, let's say, a restaurant, now we're going to assume that

you work at a company, this company named Simplicity and Simplicity.

Employees frequently ask questions about expenses and vendor processes, and your task is to build an

artificial intelligence assistant inside of Copilot studio.

Of course, that answers questions using only these two documents.

So what I've done here as part of the practice opportunity, if you go to module two and under practice

opportunity now, you should see that I've got two Microsoft Word documents.

One of them is related to travel and expense policy.

And here I got this document here.

So basically it's a document that outlines a company's policy when it comes to travel.

For example, when it comes to, let's say air travel economy class standard, for any flights that

is under five hours, premium economy is allowed for flights over five hours.

Business class requires executive level approval.

Okay, standard hotel budget is, let's say $200 to let's say $300 per night.

And here I'm giving instructions when it comes to, let's say, standard per diem meal.

The idea here is what employees used to do before they actually used to go.

And I worked at many, um, corporations before, and I used to go to SharePoint and I used to download

the policy and I used to read, you know, through massive, large documents.

This is very archaic, right

This is just something in the past.

What we do right now is we can leverage the power of AI to build an AI agent that ground that is grounded

in all these documents.

So I can upload all these documents, maybe to SharePoint.

And I can basically train an AI agent to get you these answers immediately.

Okay.

And that's what we wanted to do right now without writing a single line of code.

Okay.

So this is the first document.

The second document is related to procurement and vendor management.

So for example, at simplicity we maybe higher video editors.

For example, maybe we hire, uh, let's say photographers and videographers to film these courses.

So here I'm just outlining kind of what is the processes when it comes to uh, to doing that.

And if you go up now you should see kind of all the procurement principles when it comes to transparency,

when it comes to here, kind of how to deal and handle with video editors, graphic designers and so

on.

So really, all you need to do is to build a custom AI agent inside of Copilot studio and equip it with

these two knowledge sources.

So here is your tasks.

First, I want you to upload the document to the knowledge base.

I want you to build the agent.

I want you to call it Simplicity Finance Assistant.

The tone is going to be professional, concise and friendly.

These are the rules.

And then I want you to test the agent and maybe ask it can I approve

Let's say a $4,000 purchase.

Who can approve it

What is the per diem per meals

If you remember, it was like a $75 we want.

I want you to do a quick sanity check after you build the agent, and that's pretty much it.

Go ahead, give it a try.

And I'm going to show you the detailed solution in the next video.