Hello everyone and welcome to this Practice Opportunity Solution video.

I hope you have been able to solve the practice opportunity.

Let me show you the solution.

So here I got Copilot studio up and running.

And as we have done already, you can just simply click create and you can say new agent.

And here you will be directed to either describe what the agent does or you can configure it.

So what I've done here is I included simply the prompt at the end of our prompt library.

I included the solutions for all our practice opportunities.

So really all I need to do here is I'm going to say you are the simplicity's finance assistant, an

AI agent that support employees by answering questions about expenses, travel rules, procurement,

and vendor processes.

These are the two documents I want you to never guess, infer, or invent information.

Every answer must be referenced with one of the documents, which is like according to the travel and

expense policy and so on.

Keep your tone professional, concise and friendly.

If a question is outside the scope of one of these two policies, I want you to say I'm sorry, but

I can't find this information in the provided simplicity policies.

So I'm going to copy this and I'm going to head back and I'm going to paste it here in the describe.

Let's click run.

And here we go.

So now you are simply creating your own AI agent without writing a single line of code.

It's just a bunch of language basically just some English here.

And if you go back to configure now, you should see the agent.

This is simply the agent here.

And of course you can give it a name.

So for example I asked you in the practice opportunity if you remember.

So the practice opportunity here the name was Simplicity Finance Assistant.

I'm just going to copy that.

I'm going to come back here.

I'm going to paste it.

And this is the description of the agent.

These are the instructions here.

And please note that you can also adjust or change here the logo as well uh of that agent.

And you won't be able to add knowledge if you remember, if you try to add knowledge here.

And if you'd like to upload documents, can I tell you.

Well, you're not allowed to do that right now.

So you need to first create it.

And that's what we are going to do.

We're going to create it first.

And then we'll be able to upload directly documents to it.

So here we go.

So now we should see this is going to be our knowledge base.

So I'm going to go back to knowledge I'm going to say add knowledge.

And now you should see upload file here has been activated.

If you click on select or browse I'm going to navigate to our module two to our practice opportunity.

And now we should see these two documents the travel and expense policy.

And the other one is procurement and vendor management as well.

If you click open now, you should see these two documents.

Of course you can rename them if you want.

You can also give them description here as well.

If you click to add to agent.

Now all this knowledge is going to be basically vectorized and added as part of that knowledge base

to the agent.

And now it is basically this is a status here.

And of course you can upload a ton of files here as well.

You can also include Excel sheets.

You can also upload to or give it links as well to external websites.

So it's going to take some time for it to run, but that's pretty much what you need to test the agent

to build the agent.

And of course, let's go ahead.

And maybe in the meantime while it's running, maybe I need to adjust the starting conversations.

For example, you will see that the default here I'm Simplicity finance assistant, a virtual assistant.

Just so you're aware, I sometimes use AI.

Maybe I don't like that.

Maybe.

Let's go ahead and change it.

If you remember, we have done that already several times in the past.

If you go to here topics and if you go to system and if you go to conversation start now, you should

see this was the trigger and this was the message.

Right.

So if I click here now we should see that this is the message that we got here right.

So now I can adjust it.

Hi.

This is the name of that chat bot.

And you can maybe mention something different.

Maybe for example we are let's say a one big family here, family at simplicity.

And I am happy to help you.

Happy to help you.

Okay.

Something like that.

Okay.

Let's go ahead and give it a try.

So once this is done I can just click save and let's see if this message is going to appear here at

the start.

So if I click on start a New session, hopefully I will get this message here.

Here we go.

So I'm going to tell you we are one big happy family at simplicity.

And I'm happy to help you out.

Okay this one worked.

And let's simply test our agent.

So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to say what is the per diem for meals.

All right.

So now let's go ahead and test our AI agent.

And maybe one of the questions I'm going to ask it.

Well what is the per diem here.

Per diem let's say dollar amount to be specific for meals at simplicity for example let's go ahead and

click run.

And hopefully the agent will understand here what I mean.

And was able to look for the right document.

So that's the first good news.

So it was able to detect these two information here.

And here we go.

It's going to tell you according to the travel and expense policy.

So please note that here I told the agent how to respond.

If you remember, as part of the prompt and the instructions, I told it according to the traveling

expense policy, the standard per diem is going to be $75 per day USD.

And of course you can go back and you can do that quick sanity check.

So if you go down now, you should see this is the standard per diem, for example.

Okay.

Now let's go ahead and maybe test it with another question.

And that question will be included as part of the other document.

If you remember I got two documents in there.

So let's go back to our PowerPoint slides.

And let's maybe pick another question from here.

So for example well I can ask it let's say uh our alcohol expenses reimbursable for example.

Maybe that's another question.

Let's go ahead and give it a try.

And I want to be specific.

And I'm going to say add simplicity because I'm not talking generically right.

And let's go ahead and run it and let's see what answer we are going to get.

And here again it's reading these two documents.

And it's going to tell you according to travel and expense policy, alcohol is not reimbursable at simplicity.

All meals per diem expenses specifically exclude alcohol for reimbursement.

Okay.

This is great.

That's awesome.

Why don't we go and maybe open the other document.

Let me share with you.

So if I go and open the procurement and management policy.

So this was the document.

And I want you to go ahead and kind of test how robust the agent is.

So for example, if you scroll down let's maybe pick one of the topics here and uh, maybe ask that

question.

For example, compare at least two vendor options when costs exceed $1,500, for example.

Or maybe let's keep going.

So for example, vendor invoices must be sent to this email.

So let's go ahead and maybe test it.

So for example okay Where should I send vendor invoices?

Something like that.

Okay.

And let's go ahead and test it out.

And hopefully it is going to get back to me and ground the results in the other document.

And here we go.

It's going to tell you according to the procurement and vendor management policy, vendor invoices should

be sent to finance and simplicity.

How amazing is this.

So with that, that's pretty much all I have for this, uh, practice opportunity.

I hope you enjoyed it.

We're going to have one quick video coming up next that explains Rag or retrieval augmented generation.

If you would like to skip that one, you can go ahead and do it.

This simply just concludes our module.

But if you'd like to kind of nerd out nerd.

But if you'd like to nerd out and understand really all the technicalities behind rag, please go ahead

and watch the next video.

I hope you enjoyed this module and see you in the next one.