Hello everyone, and welcome to this video.

In this video I'm going to explain what do we mean by Rag or retrieval augmented generation.

Please note that this video I'm going to get a bit technical, so please feel free to skip it if you

want that simply kind of.

The previous videos kind of concluded what I wanted to share.

From a practical standpoint, that's really all you need to do to build a genetic AI solution inside

of Copilot studio by just uploading or adding knowledge to the agent.

But if you wanted to know what is actually happening behind the scenes, let me explain.

What do we mean by rag?

So rag is a technique that combines retrieval based systems with generative artificial intelligence

models.

It is commonly used to enhance the capabilities of large language models or llms by integrating external

knowledge sources.

Let me show you what happened behind the scenes.

So here we have the user.

That's me, that's you, and so on.

What you could do is you can directly send a prompt directly to the AI model, which is the large language

model or an LLM like ChatGPT, for example.

And you will just kind of get a response when you do that, you are basically relying on the knowledge

base of the AI model that you are talking to.

So these AI models like ChatGPT, for example, it has seen the entire internet, so it has seen every

single, um, book that humans have created.

It has seen every single Wikipedia page code as well, uh, scripts available on GitHub and so on.

So it has kind of a general understanding of humans or emotions and so on.

But basically these models first, they don't have access to specific information about, let's say,

my company, for example, or maybe any other company if these documents are internal documents.

ChatGPT doesn't know that these documents existed, right, because they weren't open source to start

with.

So now what you could do is you can use the knowledge of the LLM, okay?

And you can equip it with your own data, with your own knowledge base.

And that's what we are going to do right now.

So here you have the user.

What you could do is you can send the prompt and instead of sending the prompt directly to ChatGPT,

for example, or to the LLM or large language model, what you could do is now you can talk to a retriever.

This retriever is going to search for information that is available in a database.

This database could be, let's say, the frequently asked questions about a restaurant or maybe internal

documents that I have, or maybe PDFs or emails or whatever knowledge that you would like to ground

the agent with or the AI model with.

And then what you do is that you fetch the information so that retriever is going to go it's going to

search for that information related to the prompt inside the database.

It's going to get some context, some information.

And then it's going to perform augmentation.

And that's where the term rag comes into play.

Or in the rag stands for retriever.

You're just getting information from a knowledge base or a database.

And then you are going to augment the prompt, which is the user here has entered with the context with

whatever information that you fetched from that database.

You're going to augment them together.

You're going to combine them together.

And now you are going to feed in the prompt along with the context directly to the LLM.

And because LLM is well powered by generative AI, that's where the term Ji comes into play.

It is generative.

It's creating new knowledge basically, or new content that never existed before.

Now you get an output that is grounded in that database or in your documents basically.

And again, the term might sound a bit fancy like rag retrieval, augmented generation.

Basically, it's pretty simple.

You feed in a prompt, but before you send the prompt directly, you're going to augment it with additional

information coming from your database.

And both of them will be sent to the AI.

That's really all what rag is.

And let's keep going.

So here is the process for rag.

First, the user writes a prompt or a query that is passed on to an orchestrator.

And please note that all of that is happening behind the scenes inside of Copilot studio.

Without even writing a single line of code.

And if you're interested to actually write code and learn how to do Rag in Python and so on, I've got

a ton of courses available on on Udemy.

So if you'd like to go ahead and check them out, um, you can actually go and take these documents

and chunk them together.

So that's actually what we do behind the scenes.

We take let's say a PDF, we chunk it, we vectorize it, and then we embed it in a database.

And then you can go and query and fetch information from the database.

All of that is happening behind the scenes for you inside of Copilot studio.

The orchestrator is going to send a search query to the retriever, and then the retriever is going

to fetch the relevant information from the knowledge source and send it back.

This is simply this process here.

And then the orchestrator is going to augment the prompt, as I mentioned, with whatever data we obtained

from the database, that context we call it.

And then we're going to send it here to the LM.

And then the LM is going to respond with the generated text, which is going to be displayed to the

user via the orchestrator.

That's pretty much it in a nutshell.

So you're probably wondering, okay, why use rag.

Like what is the benefit of this?

Well, it's pretty obvious I would say.

The first one is, well, accurate responses.

So we combine retrieval with generative artificial intelligence models to ground outputs.

In factual data.

We try to minimize the error as much as possible.

So please note that when you prompt these large language models, they usually have a knowledge cut

off date.

So for example GPT 3.5 like the older ChatGPT, it has seen data up until 2021 2022, 22.

Right.

And that's when ChatGPT was released.

If you go and ask these models about, let's say, events that happened in 2025 or 2026, it we're not

going to know, right?

Because there is a specific cutoff date in its training data.

So now you can augment that knowledge base with additional knowledge sources using Rag.

And that's where you can, uh, get factual information.

The second piece is well you get up to date information.

You can dynamically access the latest content ensuring relevance without retraining.

So it is also cost efficient.

So it reduces the computational burden by relying on retrieval for context.

So that means cutting costs.

And if you're not kind of clear on what do you mean by cost efficient.

Well basically the idea that if you have an LLM or a large language model and let's assume that you

got internal documents, what you could do is, well, you can take that brain and you can train it.

You can tweak it.

You can do what we call it fine tuning and this fine tuning.

That means think of it as you're taking that brain, or you are changing the neural connections between

these neurons using the new data.

And this process is extremely cost.

Um, it's extremely expensive because now you need GPUs to train these AI models and actually think

of it as you have millions and even billions of parameters, and you're trying to retrain it with your

own data.

Here with Rag, we are not touching the brain.

So the AI or the large language model itself is still intact.

You are just augmenting it with additional knowledge source.

But we are not doing any fine tuning.

Okay.

And I'm going to have a slide coming up next that compares Rag with fine tuning.

It's also customizable, so it's easily tailored to specific industries and domains with custom data

sets.

Datasets and finally, explainable increases trust by surfacing the data sources behind generated responses.

Okay, so finally, how do we compare fine tuning versus Rag and the idea from a very high level with

fine tuning what it is?

Well, you're going to train the base model.

So actually you are going to get that GPT model that OpenAI trained, and we are going to tweak it and

fine tune it with our data.

This is of course computationally expensive.

With Rag, you are just combining the GPT existing model with a retrieval mechanism to get external

information.

How how it works well provides a labeled data sets that is tailored to the task, and you are retraining

the model.

You are fine tuning it here.

All you're doing is you are augmenting the LLM with an additional database use case.

This could be used for useful for well-structured, high quality data sets, and this one is ideal for

applications requiring up to date information or specific knowledge when it comes to advantages.

Well, this basically deeply integrates the new information inside the brain itself.

Like you are actually fine tuning or changing the connections between neurons.

When you're doing fine tuning.

This one does not require retraining to the model, we're just adding external knowledge via Rag.

It's also easier to maintain, and it's also cost effective compared to fine tuning.

The drawbacks, of course, of fine tuning.

Well, it's expensive and time consuming, and this one here relies on the quality data of the retrieval

system, and retrieval sometimes might fail if documents are poorly indexed or irrelevant, data is

fetched with that.

That's pretty much all I have for this video.

I hope you enjoyed it.

Let's conclude our module in the next video.

Please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I'll see you in the next one.