Hello everyone and welcome to this video.

In this video, let's go ahead and get started and build our first AI agent together.

So here I got Copilot studio up and running here.

Please note that the link is Copilot studio Microsoft.com.

And let me give you a quick walkthrough.

So what you see here is you can describe your AI agent that you would like to create.

You can just simply explain here what you want to do in plain English.

And then an agent will be built here for you.

Here you should be able to see all the recent AI agents that I have built.

And if you click on See More, you should be able to see here all the agents.

Right.

And please note that we're going to build a ton of AI agents together in this course.

You can also here import AI agents from other as well locations too.

On the left hand side, if you click on Home Now, if you scroll down now, you should see when you

click on Explore Agents.

Now you should see here all these different agents that um, think of it as more of templates.

So if you wanted to do, let's say voice, you can click here if you want it to open, for example,

an IT help desk agent instead of building it from scratch.

Now you can use one of these templates.

So what I'm going to do is on the left hand side I'm going to click create.

And that will allow us to be navigated here to the create uh home page.

And here you have a ton of options.

As I mentioned you can use some of these templates.

You can also install a what we call it a managed agent.

Please note that all of these are still in preview.

So for example you can click on Personalize shopping.

And that will allow you to use an agent to basically look for shopping items and personalize it for

you as well.

Okay.

Please note that there are still again under um, I would say development, right.

So actually try to test some of these, but they are not fully matured yet to share it once they become

available and up and running.

I'm going to include that as well in future versions of that course.

Okay, so if you go ahead and click on New Agent, here we go.

Now you'll be directed to this page.

You simply have two options.

You can either go to describe here.

And you can explain in plain English what you want that artificial intelligence agent to do.

Or you can go to configure.

And here you can upload an image to the AI agent.

You can here give it a name.

You can describe as well what that agent does.

And if you click on that info icon here, it's going to tell you basically what to do.

It's going to tell you in a few words, say what it is and when it should be used.

So colleagues and AI agents, if enabled, can use it effectively.

Here we got instructions.

So you can describe to the agent basically what it does or what kind of define as well its tone and

outline, any rules or guidelines it must follow.

If you go ahead again and click on this info icon, it's going to tell you direct the behavior of the

agent, including its tasks and how it completes them as well.

If you scroll down now, you can add knowledge to the Artificial Intelligence agent too.

And of course, that's where I'm going to upload the frequently asked questions.

And I'm also I can give it the ability here to search the public web as well for us.

So you can either enable or disable this feature.

And here I should be able to see suggested prompts.

And I'm going to share.

What do I mean by that coming up next.

So what I've done here is I included a all the prompts that we are going to cover in this course are

included here in our prompt library document.

And of course that document will be available as part of our course package.

Okay.

So this is the prompt that we're going to use.

I'm going to say you are a custom AI agent that is designed to act as a digital concierge for 11 Madison

Park in New York City.

I'm going to give the AI agent a name, so I'm going to say your name.

Actually, this should be your.

Your name is 11 Madison Park AI chatbot.

You answer guest questions using the internal knowledge base provided to you.

And this, of course, one of them is the Frequently Asked Questions document.

Your goal is to give accurate, concise, friendly, hospitality aligned responses that reflect the

tone of a world class dining experience.

So please note that here, if you remember, when we, um, if you go to the agent instructions, basically

you're outlining how the agent should behave, should it be friendly, should it be aggressive, and

so on.

If a question is not covered in your provided knowledge, you reply that the information is not available

and direct the guest to the appropriate MP.

Uh or 11 Madison Park contact.

Okay.

This is again really important because these artificial intelligence models, they tend sometimes to

hallucinate and generate fake information.

So if you include that here as part of the prompt, well, if you can't find the information don't get

creative.

Right.

Don't generate fake information.

Okay.

So if you scroll down these are the instructions I want you to follow these rules.

When generating responses, use only the information that the I included as part of the knowledge base

the tone.

I want it to be warm, elegant, welcoming and professional response style.

I want you to keep the answer short and clear.

Kind of 2 to 5 sentences.

Use bullet points if possible.

Include links only if they are part of your provided knowledge.

If information is missing, just say so politely.

Limitations I also wanted to add a few what we call it guardrails.

Right?

So I don't want the agent maybe to talk about political, for example, or give political opinions.

Right.

Especially that right now in our connected world.

Easily some people might want to attack.

Let's say this business.

Right.

So they can go and try to play around.

Maybe with that chatbot.

Ask it, maybe their opinion when it comes to politics.

So I want to make sure that there are guardrails included in place.

So I'm going to say do not answer questions about this outside of 11 Madison Park.

And don't give any New York City kind of tourism advice and don't make menu claims, prices, or availability

unless explicitly included in your knowledge.

If anything, just say I'm unsure.

This is not included in my current knowledge base.

The output is going to be provide a clear, concise, friendly answers based on your knowledge.

Never output anything unrelated to 11 Madison Park.

Okay, so what I'm going to do here is really I'm just going to copy all these all this prompt here.

Okay.

Actually I'm going to grab all of that.

I'm going to come down I'm going to copy Ctrl C, I'm going to come back and I'm going to go to the

describe here tab.

And I'm just going to paste simply all this prompt here.

If you click run what you are seeing right now, basically an artificial intelligence agent being developed

right now for you on the spot.

And here we go.

On the right hand side, you should see 11 Madison Park AI chatbot.

So it was able to take the name that I suggested here as part of the prompt.

If you remember, that was the name that I suggested.

And here is going to ask you maybe follow up questions.

Are there specific types of guests questions scenarios and so on?

Pretty much I'm ready right now because I included all the information I need in that prompt.

If you go back to configure now, you should be able to see that here.

I got the name here.

The agent was able to extract this description here.

So acts as a digital concierge for 11 Madison Park.

And these are all the instructions that are included as part of my prompt.

Okay.

So in the next video I'm going to show you how we are going to add knowledge to our agent.

So please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I'll see you in the next video.