Hello everyone and welcome to this video.

In this video we are going to continue building our own AI agent inside of Copilot studio.

If you remember, in the previous video, I shared how we can set the configuration of the agent here.

We gave it a name.

We gave it clear description.

We also provided clear instructions as well to the agent.

And you should see here what the agent simply should look like.

And please note as well that if you scroll down, these are all the suggested prompts.

So the idea of suggested prompts you can have kind of easy to click on questions.

Right?

So instead of users every time going they're typing basically what they want, I can include maybe information

about the dress code about maybe dietary restrictions.

And we can go ahead and adjust these as we want.

So for example, when it comes to special occasions, maybe if you want to remove that suggested prompt,

you can click on remove and that is going to be removed from here.

So now I ended up with only five suggested prompts as an example.

Okay.

Please note that you won't be able to add a trigger or equip the agent with additional tools.

Before you actually create it first.

And this is, I would say like a feature available here inside of Copilot studio.

So we are going to learn how to add tools, kind of equip the agent with the ability to send emails

for example, or maybe get information from Excel sheet in.

We can learn how to do that in the next module.

In here it's just going to be a simple knowledge retrieval or what we call it a rag based agent.

So now let's go ahead and add knowledge to our agent.

So the first knowledge source that I would like to add, and I included all these files for you in in

our course package.

The first one is well 11 Madison Park commonly asked questions.

So if you go ahead and click on it these are the list of all the questions.

So for example here I have questions around what kind of dining experience should guests expect.

What is 11 Madison Park best known for?

And so on.

So really all I need to do is to go back and I'm going to add this knowledge as part of the knowledge

base to the agent.

So I'm going to click add.

And now it's going to tell me, well you can add multiple sources of knowledge to the agent.

So for example if you have files available on SharePoint you will be able to do that here.

If you would like to add public websites you can click that here as well.

Or you can just simply click on upload files and just upload PDFs, Excel Sheets and Microsoft Word

documents as well.

All right.

So what you notice is well, if you try to upload files right now at this stage it's going to tell you

you can add this knowledge source after you have finished creating your agent.

And that's the idea right.

Like what we want here is we want to click create first.

We want to create the agent first.

And then we're going to equip it with knowledge tools and so on.

So once you click create here we go.

Now the agent is being created for you.

And now you should see 11 Madison Park AI chatbot agent has been created.

And now you have the ability to add knowledge.

For example.

You also have the ability here to add triggers.

So for example, you can trigger it with let's say when you receive a message, for example, or when

you receive a teams chat and so on.

You'll also see here all the clear instructions that we added.

And now if you click on Add Knowledge, now we should be able to see the upload file here has been activated

for you.

And there are so many available knowledge sources that you can equip your AI agent with.

So for example, if you want to connect it to Salesforce, you want to connect it to Azure SQL data.

You also can here have SharePoint public websites and so on.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say select or browse.

And now I'm going to navigate to our module two information.

And what I've got here is I got practical demo.

And this is simply the 11 Madison Park Frequently Asked Questions.

So I'm just going to rename this actually.

So instead of part I'm going to call it Park okay.

And I'm going to upload this document here.

So this document has been uploaded.

Of course you can give it a name here.

And you can give it as well description of what that document actually contains.

And now you can say add to agent.

And please note that you are limited to approximately 512MB here.

And of course, I'm expecting this to be expanded as, um, as the tool becomes better over time.

So here we go.

So now we should see 11 Madison Park commonly asked question document have been uploaded and that has

been here included as part of its knowledge base.

Okay.

So what you could do as well is you can give the ability to the agent to perform web search as well.

This is pretty straightforward.

So now you can click enable.

And now the agent will be able to search all public websites too.

So now think of it as the agent is able to have access to the internet.

So it can look for information as well if you wanted to.

Okay.

Please note that this is still in progress.

It might take a few minutes for it to run, but that's pretty much it.

That's all you want to do to add or equip knowledge to the agent.

In the next video, I'm going to show you how you can connect a website to it.

And now we're going to be pretty much ready to test our agent.

Please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I will see you in the next video.