Hello everyone and welcome to this video.

Let's keep going.

Let's add additional knowledge as well to our agent.

And what I'm going to do here is I'm going to actually rename our agent here.

So I'm going to say 11 Madison Park AI chatbot.

But maybe I'm going to add as well.

If that allows me I'm going to call it let's say live demo.

Okay.

And basically because I have already built multiple AI agents for 11 Madison Park before.

And here I just wanted to make it specifically special.

When I say live demo, that means right now I'm actually recording this session here for you, and this

is going to be our agent that we built together.

Okay.

So I'm going to click on save.

It might actually maybe block me here because you have a limit on the name here.

Number of characters.

But well it actually worked.

So this is great.

So now we should see the description.

You should see here the model.

And maybe I can pick an advanced model maybe GPT five auto for example.

Okay everything looks good now I uploaded the Microsoft Word document.

And now what I wanted to do is I would like to add an additional knowledge source as well.

So I'm going to say add knowledge.

And instead of uploading just a file here now I can say public websites.

And now it's going to tell me which link you would like to include as I showed you before.

This is simply the website for 11 Madison Park.

So please note that I'm going to ask the AI agent to simply include answers based on two sources of

information it has it's frequently asked question document, the Microsoft Word document that I uploaded,

and I also am going to give it access to this website as well.

And now it will be able to go and start answering questions as well.

Here around let's say the team for example about events and so on.

And I should see all this different information that you can test the agent if it's able to extract

maybe the names of the chefs here as an example.

Okay.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to head back and I'm going to grab our um, here website, and

I'm going to go back here.

Let's open Copilot studio.

So this is our 11 Madison Park here.

And now all I need to do is to paste that link okay.

You just click on add and here we go.

So now I added this link to the agent.

So now if I say add to agent.

Now we should be able to add a the ability to access this specific public website as well.

So here we go.

So now we should see this one is ready.

Actually the document it's still kind of in progress right now.

So I'm going to leave it as is.

And that's pretty much it.

That's how you can build a simple rag or retrieval augmented generation based AI agent with that.

That's all I have for this video.

I hope you enjoyed it.

Let's go ahead and test our AI agent together in the next video.