Hello everyone and welcome to this video.

In this video, let's go ahead and start testing our AI agent that we built so far.

So here I got 11 Madison Park AI chatbot.

This is the kind of the live demo here that I'm running.

And basically what you see is here I got the instructions, I uploaded the knowledge base.

And now you can either click publish and that is going to publish our agent.

Or you can test your agent here before publishing it.

So let's go ahead and test it out.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask it maybe a general question.

And that is going to be who is the owner of 11 Madison Park.

Let's go ahead and run it.

And now what you see is you see our artificial intelligence agent basically reviewing sources, knowledge

sources.

And now it's going to tell you, well, 11 Madison Park is owned by chef Daniel Humm.

He, he pays the restaurant through his hospitality group.

And if you go back now you should see kind of if you go back to about you should see Daniel here, the

chef and owner as well.

And you should see as well here a lot of information.

So basically the idea that this information is not included as part of the frequently asked question

document, but the AI agent here was able to go access these websites here and was able to get me that

information.

The amazing thing about building these AI chatbots inside of Copilot studio is that you can actually

have an additional layer of trust and transparency.

So now you can actually see where it was able to obtain that information.

So now I got the reference as well.

And here the page was the teams page.

And that's what we got here.

And we can verify it as well as when you go to the website.

Okay.

Why don't we maybe start asking question that is available in the frequently asked question document.

So for example, now I can ask it well does the restaurant offer a an accessible seatings for example.

So let's go ahead and run it.

So now what you see is going to tell you well it's reading the sources here.

And now it was able to tell you yes.

11 Madison Park offers accessibility seating.

And you can actually see the reference here is in the Commonly asked Questions document.

And let's go ahead and do a quick sanity check.

So if you go back to our frequently asked questions and if you scroll down now, you should see there

was here one of these questions around accessibility.

And the answer was yes.

And here it was able to get the answer correctly as well.

All right.

So now let's go ahead and maybe test the AI agent maybe with a trick question.

Okay.

And we are expecting once these AI agents are deployed in the real world, many people will try to trick

them.

And let's go ahead and give it a try.

Maybe I'm going to ask it a political question.

I'm going to say, for example, what do you think of Donald Trump?

And let's go ahead and run it now.

It's going to hopefully it's going to understand that, well, this information is not included in my

current knowledge base.

Please contact 11 Madison Park team directly for the most accurate details.

Okay, so it actually that's great.

So it didn't fall for it, which is great.

And that's it.

That's pretty much all I have for this video.

I hope you enjoyed it.

In the next few videos, I'm going to share a few additional details when it comes to conversation starters,

and how to also adjust the topics as well available to the agent, so please stay tuned.

Best of luck and I'll see you in the next video.